DOCS-8839: Bring back original TTL changes (#47)
mulesoft/docs-object-store: modules/ROOT/pages/osv2-faq.adoc

== How long can data persist in Object Store v2?

The maximum TTL (time to live) is 2,592,000 seconds (30 days).

The `entryTtl` value, specified in the global configuration parameters for the connector,
determines when to evict key-value pairs from the store.

The TTL can be either _rolling_ or _static_:

Rolling::
Accessing the data extends the TTL for 30 days.
+
The minimum rolling TTL is 1 second.
The maximum rolling TTL is unlimited as long as the data continues to be accessed.
Static::
The value of `entryTtl` determines when the data is evicted.
+
The minimum static TTL is 1 second.

> The maximum (and default) static TTL is 2592000 seconds (30 days).

Reviewer: Here too?

== How long can data persist in Object Store v2?

> The maximum TTL (time to live) is 2,592,000 seconds (30 days).

Reviewer 2: ditto re. commas in numeral

The `entryTtl` value, specified in the global configuration parameters for the connector,
determines when to evict key-value pairs from the store.

The TTL can be either _rolling_ or _static_:

Rolling::
Accessing the data extends the TTL for 30 days.
+
The minimum rolling TTL is 1 second.
The maximum rolling TTL is unlimited as long as the data continues to be accessed.
Static::
The value of `entryTtl` determines when the data is evicted.
+
The minimum static TTL is 1 second.

> The maximum (and default) static TTL is 2592000 seconds (30 days).

Reviewer 2: see here, no commas
GLOBALLY standardize or make the distinction between the amount (commas) and the syntax value (none).

> If the `entryTtl` value is greater than 30 days, TTL is set to the maximum value (2592000 seconds/30 days) without returning an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `entryTtl` value is greater than 30 days, TTL is set to the maximum value of 2592000 seconds (30 days) without returning an error.
```

If the app doesn't specify a value for `entryTtl`, the default value depends on the Mule version.

* Mule versions 4.2.1 and later:
+
Object stores have a rolling TTL by default.
+
If the data is accessed at least once a week, the TTL is extended for 30 days.

> Otherwise, it is evicted in the next 7 to 30 days from the last expiration date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, it is evicted in the next 7 to 30 days from the most recent expiration date.
```

[NOTE]

> Rolling TTL is available for all apps using Mule version 4.2.x, 4.3.0, and later.

Reviewer 2: "Mule versions 4.2.1 and later" is what is used in PR 51

Author: good catch
